In this module, you learned about XML-based web services and JAX-WS,
which is Java standard API for working with web services.
You've learned that XML-based web services use SOAP as the
format for exchanging XML messages and WSDL to describe the
operations that a web service provides.
Using JAX-WS, it's very easy to get a web service up and running.
JAX-WS automatically provides a WSDL for your web service.
You can use the wsimport tool to generate Java classes from the WSDL,
which you can then use to create a client that uses the web service.
JAX-WS uses JAXB to marshal and unmarshal the content of the SOAP messages,
and wsimport uses xjc to generate domain model classes.
One of the possible paths to follow after this course
is to learn more about web services.
If this is what you're looking for,
then one other course you might want to follow is Building JAX-WS
Web Services with Apache CXF by Michael Hoffman,
which I also mentioned in the beginning of this course.
Now we are at the end of this course about JAXB.
Thanks for watching.
I hope you enjoyed it, and I wish you a lot of success with your new knowledge of JAXB.